this is to talk about about
racing looks for the argentine cup in about
days but of mouth corinthians clear that
yes
Max already you're mouth already lost it's going
We want to know if it is the
last idol xeneize riquero do not have
no doubt I think that so far
there is no educate fan who is
worried about losing the cup
liberators we are worried because
the last great idol that
has mouth after a match that I'm good
of logic and logic seen from the
soccer point because the corinthians
a very solid team sticks in the
just moments hold has a state
physical that evokes with the amount of
senior players who has what
He felt the wear and above all
he felt the light weight of the leadership
to make decisions because the figure
the night was emerson the same as emerson
that on the court of mouth did not touch any
ball outside had roncalia that
He gave to save and to have
yesterday he had too many freedoms and those
liberties in a cup final is stopped
expensive corinthias for the first time is
champion of america this is the report of
our special envoys
latest
[Music]
and well all that was the party of
Corinthians may have reached as
we said his first cup liberators in
the pacaembú this said the
protagonists
what is the corinthias song for
today at 12
Y
the previous one had little color many
problems and lack of organization and
even for mouth people for the
repression and false entries entering what
kitchens verify your false income one
account was still imprisoned minus a 50 60
income maybe it could be scam this
people in Buenos Aires as it could be
these people cheat in Buenos Aires and
who have bought in good faith after a
done and avoid buying income here
everything went wrong to the mouth and even in
the sporting ones how many from the beginning
of the party came the problems
first the orion lesion after a
static defense and also far behind
silva lines has fought with the
ball with the field and with the same for
the forgetting the complement where there yes
the falcioni team came forward but
lost a lot in the hands of emerson
first that he concretized this goal before a
static llosa and beast I saw that this
unfortunately, it is not going to
never forget to top it the skinny wanted
go out playing and again
emerson appeared stripped to steal
the ball get away and score the second
defined party
mouth chartres never took over and the
occasions neither of the ball and when the
He had
the wasted a game where the
Corinthians crowned a liberating cup
really fantastic this contention for
this first big triumph of
Corinthians in the Copa Libertadores for
everyone
when the mass when I accepted
attraction and conquests against teams
Brazilians is not a funny one
big slush made as it said no
for mouth that had a black night and
to put the strawberry to the dessert in
changing rooms
riquelme told him of flavor
mouth lost a lot on his excursion
here at pacaembú de san pablo playing
The final of the Copa Libertadores
america not only lost 2 to 0 against a
fair and undefeated tournament winner like
it was the corinthians but also it
fired he played his last game here in
this lawn joan román riquelme el
last idol that gave mouth juniors to
Argentine soccer for now says goodbye
The club did not confirm it if it does
sport
we have lost and we have been overcome
what congratulates the current we had the
illusion of winning it again we could not
ah
a museum of the final
a little hurt but you have to recognize
when the opponent overcomes you and remains
just congratulate the rival I have not spoken
with the new team with the president
this noon
I have informed the president that
I will continue and what
let's go to this club
I will be grateful for always with
the people
the commitment that I have with the club is
very big
I feel that I have nothing more to give
surely that later I will talk with my
baby who is nine years old
I apologize that you can not take the
drink home and if you want to see me play
I will play for a while longer but here I can not
because here I can not do half